README.md, before:

# python-keyprotect

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/locke105/python-keyprotect.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/locke105/python-keyprotect)
[![Apache License](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-APACHE2-blue.svg)](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html)

A Pythonic client for IBM Key Protect

# Usage

```python
import keyprotect
from keyprotect import bxauth

service_id="..."
api_key="..."

tm = bxauth.TokenManager(api_key=api_key)
iam_token = tm.get_token()

kp = keyprotect.Keys(
    iamtoken=iam_token,
    region="us-south",
    instance_id=service_id
)

for key in kp.index():
    print("%s\t%s" % (key['id'], key['name']))

key = kp.create(name="MyTestKey")
print("Created key '%s'" % key['id'])

kp.delete(key.get('id'))
print("Deleted key '%s'" % key['id'])


# wrap and unwrap require a non-exportable key,
# these are also referred to as root keys
key = kp.create(name="MyRootKey", root=True)

# wrap/unwrap, payload should be a bytestring if python3
message = b'This is a really important message.'
wrapped = kp.wrap(key.get('id'), message)
ciphertext = wrapped.get("ciphertext")

unwrapped = kp.unwrap(key.get('id'), ciphertext)
assert message == unwrapped

# wrap/unwrap with AAD
message = b'This is a really important message too.'
wrapped = kp.wrap(key.get('id'), message, aad=['python-keyprotect'])
ciphertext = wrapped.get("ciphertext")

unwrapped = kp.unwrap(key.get('id'), ciphertext, aad=['python-keyprotect'])
assert message == unwrapped
```

Commit message:

Updates for move to IBM namespace
This changes the project to be a small wrapper
around the redstone library which is where most of the
development focus for the Python KeyProtect client has
moved.

This will remain a small wrapper to provide users an easy
way to find a Python lib that can provide the simple interface
that they are most likely looking for, but not have multiple copies
of code sitting around creating a code maintainence nightmare.

README.md, after:

# keyprotect-python-client

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/locke105/python-keyprotect.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/locke105/python-keyprotect)
[![Apache License](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-APACHE2-blue.svg)](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html)

A Pythonic client for IBM Key Protect

This is a thin wrapper around the KeyProtect client in the [redstone](https://github.com/IBM/redstone) Python package. For detailed documentation and API references, please see the [redstone docs](https://redstone-py.readthedocs.org)

# Usage

The following python is a quick example of how to use the keyprotect module.

The example expects `IBMCLOUD_API_KEY` to be set to a valid IAM API key,
and `KP_INSTANCE_ID` to be set to the UUID identifying your KeyProtect instance.

```python
import os

import keyprotect
from keyprotect import bxauth


tm = bxauth.TokenManager(api_key=os.getenv("IBMCLOUD_API_KEY"))

kp = keyprotect.Client(
    credentials=tm,
    region="us-south",
    service_instance_id=os.getenv("KP_INSTANCE_ID")
)

for key in kp.keys():
    print("%s\t%s" % (key["id"], key["name"]))

key = kp.create(name="MyTestKey")
print("Created key '%s'" % key['id'])

kp.delete(key.get('id'))
print("Deleted key '%s'" % key['id'])


# wrap and unwrap require a non-exportable key,
# these are also referred to as root keys
key = kp.create(name="MyRootKey", root=True)

# wrap/unwrap, payload should be a bytestring if python3
message = b'This is a really important message.'
wrapped = kp.wrap(key.get('id'), message)
ciphertext = wrapped.get("ciphertext")

unwrapped = kp.unwrap(key.get('id'), ciphertext)
assert message == unwrapped

# wrap/unwrap with AAD
message = b'This is a really important message too.'
wrapped = kp.wrap(key.get('id'), message, aad=['python-keyprotect'])
ciphertext = wrapped.get("ciphertext")

unwrapped = kp.unwrap(key.get('id'), ciphertext, aad=['python-keyprotect'])
assert message == unwrapped
```
